{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red241\green241\blue241;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a threaded discussion response system using a Markov chain, with the threaded discussion responses from previous weeks used as inputs.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f2 \cf0 Bennet: 
\f3\fs18 Not sure if it would count but in the earlier GSP classes using game maker, there was a tutorial for a side scrolling shooter, and I modded it so that based off a level it had it would fire either 1 bullet, 3 bullets, or 5 bullets. So the level ended up becoming the states.
\f4\fs20 \
\
Shaina: 
\f3\fs18 If it was switching between the bullet count I think it might count. If it is different planes I think it depends on the order they appear in. I am not sure if the order they appear in is a finite state machine example, but if the same plane switches between the bullets fired it is I think.
\f4\fs20 \
\
Bennet: 
\f3\fs18 ah ok, sounds good. If it is true, then a lot of stuff based off of upgrades can be states then, which would be cool. It reminds me of something else that can be finite state machine. Resident evil would have three statuses, fine, caution, danger, depending on your health. When your health was in danger the character would limp. For this case I am not sure if they just made a check on what the health is, but it is something that can use a state machine.
\f4\fs20 \
\
Matthew: 
\f3\fs18 never realized hoe often state machines are used...thinking about it COD AW assault drones go from state_release to state _ moveup to state_target to state_seek to state_detonate
\f4\fs20 \
\
}